October 10, 2018	    1:07 PM	    from Mindy Montgomery to everyone:	Mindy Montgomery - Product Manager @ moovel.  mindy.montgomery@moovel.com


October 10, 2018	    1:08 PM	    from Mike Gilligan (TriMet) to everyone:	Mike Gilligan, Software Enginner, TriMet


October 10, 2018	    1:08 PM	    from Joey Reid to everyone:	Joey Reid, Senior Data Scientist, Metro Transit. joey.reid@metrotransit.org


October 10, 2018	    1:09 PM	    from Jay Gordon (privately):	Jay Gordon, Korbato, jay@korbato.com


October 10, 2018	    1:09 PM	    from John Levin to everyone:	John Levin, Director of Strategic Initiatives, Metro Transit (Minneapolis-St.Paul), john.levin@metrotransit.org


October 10, 2018	    1:09 PM	    from Drew Dara-Abrams (Interline) (privately):	Drew Dara-Abrams, Principal, Interline Technologies, drew@interline.io


October 10, 2018	    1:09 PM	    from Gabriel Sanchez to everyone:	Gabriel Sánchez-Martínez, Korbato, gabriel@korbato.com


October 10, 2018	    1:14 PM	    from Maddie to everyone:	Maddie Sheehan, Swiftly, maddie@goswift.ly


October 10, 2018	    1:15 PM	    from Jay Gordon to everyone:	Jay Gordon, Korbato, jay@korbato.com


October 10, 2018	    1:26 PM	    from Doug to everyone:	Doug Pilant 503-842-3115


October 10, 2018	    1:26 PM	    from Aaron Antrim to everyone:	Aaron Antrim, Trillium, aaron@trilliumtransit.com


October 10, 2018	    1:26 PM	    from David Porter to everyone:	We can hear you really well, Mindy!


October 10, 2018	    1:28 PM	    from Josie Kressner to everyone:	I just switched from a regular phone call to the app.


October 10, 2018	    1:34 PM	    from John Levin to everyone:	How do Mindy's comments on other modes relate the the evolving Mobility Data Specification?https://github.com/CityOfLosAngeles/mobility-data-specification And how does GTFS-ride related to MDS?


October 10, 2018	    1:36 PM	    from Aaron Antrim to everyone:	Yeah, my understanding is that LA's Mobility Data Specification is related to GBFS (bikeshare), but could it also relate to other non-fixed-route modes e.g. DRT)?


October 10, 2018	    1:38 PM	    from Mindy Montgomery to everyone:	The GBFS standard could be extended to other modes.


October 10, 2018	    1:41 PM	    from Aaron Antrim to everyone:	…I'm thinking of carshare, and scooter share (…at least the later of which I believe GBFS has been extended to). Others? 


October 10, 2018	    1:41 PM	    from John Levin to everyone:	My understanding is that GBFS is a realtime information specifcation and MDS is a historical data specification.  This is an important distinction.


October 10, 2018	    2:15 PM	    from Phillip Carleton to everyone:	Please feel free to add any questions to the chat box.


October 10, 2018	    2:18 PM	    from Andrew Martin (LTD) to everyone:	In response to John, LTD is certainly willing to work with anyone to contribute our data, but it will be challenging for us to get more than staff time from our management


October 10, 2018	    2:25 PM	    from Doug to everyone:	For some reason you can't hear me.  My thoughts are that transit managers/staff need to be educated about the uses and they need to be educated on what steps they can take to adopt/use standards.  From my perspective know what steps to take could be used as a carrot.


October 10, 2018	    2:26 PM	    from Jay Gordon to everyone:	yes!


October 10, 2018	    2:26 PM	    from Gabriel Sanchez to everyone:	yes, we are here.


October 10, 2018	    2:26 PM	    from Andrew Martin (LTD) to everyone:	Management doesn't really understand how we bring data to meetings. If there was a tool to showcase how we can analyze our ridership data in real time, right in front of management, I think there would be a lot of buy in. Right now, I pull our data using SQL and try to process it before showing up. There are many times meetings end with 'we'll have to look into that' because we don't have the power to answer questions about ridership immediately. It would be a real 'wow factor' if we could have even basic sorting and filtering on a large dataset in front of someone higher up


October 10, 2018	    2:27 PM	    from Andrew Martin (LTD) to everyone:	Perhaps there's a grant out there that could fund a first basic tool that would help tip the scale towards greater adoption


October 10, 2018	    2:30 PM	    from Doug to everyone:	I also agree with Aaron's thoughts about providing incentives.


October 10, 2018	    2:39 PM	    from John Levin to everyone:	One project want to work on is expanding from an 80% APC sample to a 100% inferred/imputed APC data set.  That could be an interesting tool based on GTFS-ride data


October 10, 2018	    2:43 PM	    from John Levin to everyone:	i think the google group is important.  even if traffc is slow right now.


October 10, 2018	    2:43 PM	    from Gabriel Sanchez to everyone:	Agreed.  Korbato will be sharing some ideas there.


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Jay Gordon to everyone:	thank you!


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Gabriel Sanchez to everyone:	Thanks!


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Charlie Bailey to everyone:	Thank you!


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Maddie to everyone:	Thank you!


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Andrew Martin (LTD) to everyone:	Thanks!

October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Drew Dara-Abrams (Interline) to everyone:	Thanks for an interesting update.


October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Aaron Antrim to everyone:	Thanks!
October 10, 2018	    2:45 PM	    from Mike Gilligan (TriMet) to everyone:	Thank you

